Hello again.
So as you are our manager or the fear of your environment and you actually have to dress in your environment
and the next day when you're back to work you want to know what happened in your environment to get
an idea about the dress and a difference action happened to your environment.
So for that you simply got a little cluster into monitor of course how you see the difference monitor
option.
Then we got to do this fair they dress like that.
And here you can see any recommendation if you remember if we chose a dress to be manually.
And when you get into dress head you will see lots of occasion massage in yellow color that depressed
or commanded to do this migration.
Number one admit Reason number two.
That's it.
So when you get the notification off come on date migration in your cluster you've got to monitor and
there you check different recommendation.
You see there is an accommodation check the one that you want and click Apply recommendation to do the
migration.
For example if you please this virtual machine Windows XP number five need to be migrated from E6.
I won't do it because I do.
So you click up in accommodation the immigration start manually.
Then another accommodation etc..
Or you can chose the randiness no to get any recommendation.
So then we have fought any fault happened throughout the operation.
This one happened as opposed to hard.
I have an issue with the veteran machine ideality.
Then we get to historic to see the difference.
If for example in my situation we use fairly automated.
Then I come the next day and want to know if something happened about a difference between machine and
see the difference migration happening.
So for example at 5:00 pm do Windows 7 on hosts number is X I want that's me.
This virtual machine migrated to do is X I one day at 5.
Don't you want the Windows XP number 5 or host is if I won then another one in the host E6 I won all
of these.
Then at 6pm the Windows XP number 5 migrated from E-6 I to do is X. I won then placed Windows XP on
Haast E6 I treat it.
So the different migration happened in the DNS.
You can watch they are right there.
Then of course you can see that this huge ization to what's happened in your are stupid is because I
want have some real color I mean we have some overloading in speed because this one is the center server.
That's why I always have overruled in industry a dim memory then memory zation is effects I want consume
much memory because I have to be center server asix I want to and network connection.
If use the network connection from different Tulse depends on just one.
Windows XP have a connection to the server that are connected to internet.
You can see the consumation of the network from here.
So this is a different option that you can monitor the DNS Sinixt will start to stodge DNS.
So the next.